Add Visualize.plot_bias! (#87)
CliMA/ClimaAnalysis.jl: NEWS.md

"K^2"
```

### Plotting bias

> To plot the bias and display information such as the root mean squared error (RMSE) and the
> global bias in the plot, you use the function `plot_bias!(fig, sim, obs)`. In the example
> below, we plot the bias between our simulation and some observations stored in
> "ta\_1d\_average.nc".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building upon the other features introduced in this release, you can now directly plot bias and root
mean squared error between two variables with the `plot_bias!` function. Typically, this is done to 
compare simulated data against observations. 

In the example below, we plot the bias between our simulation and some observations stored in
`ta_1d_average.nc`.
```
